Influxdb 2.0.6 (#2459)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/release-notes/influxdb.md

weight: 101
---

## v2.0.6 General Availability [2021-04-29]

### Bug Fixes

> - Ensure query configuration written by `influxd upgrade `is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure query configuration written by `influxd upgrade` is valid.
```

> - Revert to nonzero defaults for `query-concurrency` and `query-queue-size`

Reviewer: Can we say non-zero and/or what specific defaults are (if it makes sense to do so)?

> - Revert to nonzero defaults for `query-concurrency` and `query-queue-size`
>   configuration options to avoid validation failures when upgrading users.

Author: ```suggestion
- Set `query-concurrency` and `query-queue-size` configuration option defaults
  to `0` to avoid validation failures when upgrading users.
```
